#### 04/15  AIR DISCOVER Lab-Robotics Traning Camp Successfully Concluded!

AIR DISCOVER Lab-Robotics Traning Camp was successfully held at Institute for AI Research, Tsinghua University(AIR). AIR has always adhered to the mission of using artificial intelligence technology to empower industrial upgrading and promote social progress. As one of the technical support labs of AIR, DISCOVER Lab upholds this mission and is committed to further attracting and cultivating leading talents in the smart industry and promoting the leapfrog development of the smart industry through this robotics training camp.

This summer, AIR Summer Camp will continue to focus on the core research propositions of AIR and DISCOVER Lab. The camp will explore the frontiers of science and technology in robotics, computer vision, and human-computer interaction with the three core objectives of talent training, research and development, and empowering industry. As a result, It hopes to rapidly apply the results in intelligent transportation, green computing, advanced manufacturing, health computing and other fields to promote the development of social industries. Interested students are welcomed to register for the AIR DISCOVER 2022 Summer Camp. For more details, please visit:

[Registration for AIR DISCOVER 2022 Summer Camp is now open!](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s?__biz=MzI0NDg0OTI1MQ==&mid=2247492195&idx=1&sn=f8ae3376fcf9bcca90d140003db2a9a1&chksm=e9552d6fde22a4798eda1e25bc931dfe870d5535736accf55ad406589b480fe56caf36a94b5a&scene=21#wechat_redirect)

<br />


#### 02/17  DJI: RoboMaster University Sim2Real Challenge

ICRA (IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation) is the top annual conference in robotics and automation organized by the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE).

[RoboMaster University Sim2Real Challenge](https://air.tsinghua.edu.cn/robomaster/sim2real_icra22.html)